To be, or not to be, that is the question:
Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer
The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,
Or to take arms against a sea of troubles
And by opposing end them.
Hark! The echoes of the past,
In the halls of ancient lore,
I now wander, seeking truth and love.
When in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes,
I all alone beweep my outcast state.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate.
O, how full of briers is this working-day world!
When my love swears that she is made of truth,
I do believe her, though I know she lies.
The better part of Valour, is Discretion;
In peace there's nothing so becomes a man
As modest stillness and humility.
If we shadows have offended,
Think but this, and all is mended.
All the world's a stage,
And all the men and women merely players.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Out, out brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.
Thus, we are made to be, not to think.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate.
I am that merry wanderer of the night.
To thine own self be true,
And it must follow, as the night the day,
Thou canst not then be false to any man.
What’s in a name? That which we call a rose
By any other name would smell as sweet.
Now is the winter of our discontent
Made glorious summer by this sun of York.
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
All that glitters is not gold;
Often have you heard that told.
When beggars die, there are no comets seen;
The heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes.
There is a tide in the affairs of men
Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.
We are such stuff as dreams are made on,
And our little life is rounded with a sleep.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be;
For loan oft loses both itself and friend.
How far we may descend, we may ascend.
If music be the food of love, play on.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow.
Cowards die many times before their deaths;
The valiant never taste of death but once.
This above all: to thine own self be true.
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars,
But in ourselves, that we are underlings.
A fool thinks himself to be wise,
But a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
All's well that ends well.
What a piece of work is a man!
A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse!
Let me embrace thee, sour adversity,
For wise men say it is the wisest course.
I do not like the fashion of these times.
I am constant as the Northern Star.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Things base and vile, holding no quantity,
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds.
The better part of Valour, is Discretion.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies,
But the silence of our friends.
Fortune favors the bold.
The truth will out.
What’s done cannot be undone.
Thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
The pure and innocent have not known what 'sorrow' is.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Life's a game, play it.
If you cannot be a poet, be a poem.
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Hope is the thing with feathers.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick.
There’s a method to my madness.
We have no other choice.
This is the age of reason.
The end is near.
We can’t turn back the clock.